TryParse /6 (#26608)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/models/model-binding.md

public static bool TryParse (string? s, IFormatProvider? provider, out TSelf result);
```

The following `DateRange` class implements [`IParsable<TSelf>`](/dotnet/api/system.iparsable-1) to support binding a date range:

:::code language="csharp" source="~/mvc/controllers/bind-tryparse/7.0-samples/BindUsingTryParse/BindTryParseMVC/Models/DateRange.cs" id="snippet":::

The preceding code:

* Converts a string representing two dates to a `DateRange` object
* The model binder uses the [`IParsable<TSelf>.TryParse`](/dotnet/api/system.iparsable-1.tryparse#system-iparsable-1-tryparse(system-string-system-iformatprovider-0@)) method to bind the `DateRange`.

The following controller action uses the `DateRange` class to bind a date range:

:::code language="csharp" source="~/mvc/controllers/bind-tryparse/7.0-samples/BindUsingTryParse/BindTryParseMVC/Controllers/WeatherForecastController.cs" id="snippet_2":::

The following `Locale` class implements [`IParsable<TSelf>`](/dotnet/api/system.iparsable-1) to support binding to `CultureInfo`:

:::code language="csharp" source="~/mvc/controllers/bind-tryparse/7.0-samples/BindUsingTryParse/BindTryParseMVC/Models/Locale.cs" id="snippet":::

> The following controller action uses the  `Locale` classes to bind a with `CultureInfo` string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following controller action uses the  `Locale` class to bind a `CultureInfo` string:
```
